What is !important?
The !important rule in CSS is used to add more importance to a property/value than normal. 
In fact, if you use the !important rule, it will override ALL previous styling rules for that specific property on that element!

What is the box model?
In CSS, the term "box model" is used when talking about design and layout. 
The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. 
It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.

What is the difference between position absolute, relative and fixed?
Relative - the element is positioned relative to its normal position. 
Absolute - the element is positioned absolutely to its first positioned parent. 
Fixed - the element is positioned related to the browser window. Sticky - the element is positioned based on the user's scroll position.

What is CSS positioning?
The CSS position property defines the position of an element in a document. 
This property works with the left, right, top, 
bottom and z-index properties to determine the final position of an element on a page.


the difference between display none and display hidden
Difference between display:none and visiblity: hidden
visibility:hidden hides the element, 
but it still takes up space in the layout. 
Display:none removes the element from the document.
It does not take up any space.



Difference between flex and grid? Where to use it?

What is BEM?

What is the z-index? What is the stacking context?

Explain briefly what happens when you hit a url? explain DNS lookup

What is a URLs full form? Explain what a url is and the four parts it consists of The protocol in use The hostname of the server The location of the file The arguments to the file

What is HTTP protocol?

What is TCP Protocol?

Explain all the different HTTP methods?

What are HTTP headers?

What are some HTTP response codes? what does it mean? 2xx, 3xx, 4xx, 5xx

What does cache control on http response mean?

What is polling?

What is long polling?

What are web sockets?

How is web sockets different from HTTP?

What is HTTPS?

What is Cross Origin Resource Sharing? ( CORS ) Why do we need it?

What does Access-Control-Allow-Origin header do?

What is clickjacking? How do you fix it?

What are some performance metrics for your website?

What does the following term mean?

Time to first byte,
Page load time
What do CDN or Content Delivery Networks do? When do you need a CDN?

What is the difference between Client Side Renderring and Server Side Renderring?

What is Progressive Renderring

What is the difference between Preloading and Prefetching resources?

What are service workers?